---
title: Access your POS device
sidebar_label: POS Device Access
---

Paymennt.com allows users to log in to POS device or web browsers using QR codes.

:::info

You can log in to multiple devices (POS, Web, App) simultaneously using the same credentials for seamless access across different platforms.

:::

## Important Notes Before Using Your POS Device

Before you start using your new POS device, take note of these important points to ensure optimal performance and to protect the device's warranty.

- **Use the Original Charger**: Only use the charger that came with the POS device. Using other chargers may damage the device and void the warranty.
- **Keep the Machine's Box**: Retain the original box of the POS device. It may be needed for warranty claims or when returning the device.
- **Do Not Remove the SIM Card or Battery**: Avoid removing the SIM card or battery from the device. Doing so could affect the device's functionality and void the warranty.
- **Warranty**: The device's warranty could be affected if you use a non-original charger, lose the machine's box, or remove the SIM card or battery.
- **Passcodes**: The default passcode for transactions is 2604. Make sure you keep it secure and only share it with authorized personnel.

## Access your POS device

1. Go to the login page of your POS device, where a QR code will appear.
2. Open the side menu on your Paymennt.com mobile app and tap the *QR Code* icon on the top right corner. The app may prompt you for access rights to use your camera for capturing the QR code.
3. Scan the QR code on the POS device using your mobile phone.
4. Your POS device should log in successfully.

Learn more about Team settings and permissions **[link to be added]** for accessing the POS device.
